Tech StacK

CSS
nextjs
mongodb 
materialUI


Final Project

The logic and the idea behind your final project are entirely up to you, but regardless of what subject you chose your Final-Project must adhere to these requirements.

1. The Final-Project is a group-work:
Groups must be 3 to 4 people.
Each member has to have equal contribution.
Each member has to have at least one React-Component built by themselves.
You can have more components, but if for example if you have 3 members, you have to have at least 3 components, and each and every one of those components must be styled with a CSS-in-JS library (e.g., “styled-components”).
You may not use more than one external CSS for the entire project (only for global styling).
2. The Final-Project can be either:
Full-stack using tools such as next.js, MongoDB, GraphQL, Apollo.
Front-end using just React.
Mobile-App using React-Native.
Combination of 2 or all 3.
3.

Each page has to have global commenting, and each component must have additional inline comments explaining your reasoning, logic, and who is responsible for that component.

The Final-Project must be presented but presentations may not exceed 8 minutes, and each member has to present their share of the project.

The Final-Project doesn’t have to be deployed to GitHub or hosted by Vercel, but must be submitted as a zipped/compressed file on the blackboard by April. 29 at midnight.

While you are free to choose any idea, the subject of that idea must be professional and befitting of BU, and the CS department, (avoid any controversial topics).

Assignment Submission:
Navigate to Blackboard >> Final-Project >> Create Submission
Enter the names of your groupmates and list the components each member is responsible for.
Navigate to Blackboard >> Final Project >> Upload Files
submitted as a zipped/compressed file (without the dist/next or node-module directories).

If you want, I can turn this into a checklist so you don’t accidentally lose points.



Prompt:

please help design the component. refer to the attached images. please make sure the work is worthy of an intro to web development student not of a proficient master, make sure it is simple but functional, not overly pretty or well designed. 